Edit basic NFT tutorial (#205)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/tutorial/05-non-fungible-tokens-1.md

}
```

### Adding basic metadata

An NFT is also usually expected to include some metadata like a name, description, traits, or a picture. Historically, most of this metadata has been stored off-chain, and the on-chain token only contains a URL or something similar that points to the off-chain metadata.

> This practice was necessary due to the original costs of doing anything onchain, but it created the illusion that the actual content of an NFT can vanish (and sadly, sometimes _did_ vanish) at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This practice was necessary due to the original costs of doing anything onchain, but it created the illusion that the actual content of an NFT was permanent and onchain.  Unfortunately, the metadata and images for many older NFT collections can vanish (and sadly, sometimes _have_ vanished) at any time.
```
